---
title: "V 1.1.18"
sidebar_position: 51
description: 25 March 2025
---


## New / Enhanced Features

### Git Discard Functionality

Users can now discard changes made in Git-enabled applications.

### Application Manifest UI & Integration

Introduced UI and backend integration for application manifests.

### Deployment Profile - Enhancements

* Updates to the **Profile** feature.
* Description of the feature. Benefit to the user.

## UI/UX Enhancements

### Application Panel Improvements

* Added title and tooltip support for long names.
* Enhanced search functionality in edit mode.
* Updated icon set and adjusted opacity for visual clarity.

### Git Settings Enhancement

Improved configuration options for Git-related settings.

### Context Deletion Warning

A warning modal now appears when deleting a context.

## Fixes

* **Git App Import**: You can now flexibly move artifacts in the Koodisi UI even after you've imported them into a Git-enabled application.
* Unable to retrieve schema in Lookup Activities.
* Loss of references during renaming or export/import operations.

## **Feature Spotlight: Deployment Profiles**

Deployment profiles simplify the deployment and execution of workflows by managing environment-specific configurations securely and flexibly.

### **Overview & Purpose**

Deployment Profiles allow you to:

* Manage environment-specific and client-scoped variables.&#x20;
* Enable and customize logging for activities at the application or workflow level.
* Apply granular permissions to control access to profiles. This feature ensures that only a specific set of people will be abled to perform a specific set of tasks on your profiles.&#x20;

### **Key Highlights**

* **No Redeployment Required:** Use the same deployment with different profiles at execution time.
* **Environment-Specific Context:** Variables, secrets, and logging can be configured per environment.
* **Security First:** Secret variables are masked and stored in Key Vaults.
* **Subflow Support:** All subflows inherit the parent workflow's profile context.
* **Profile Permissions:** Granular access control on who can view, edit, or delete profiles.
* **Default Profiles:** Eliminate the need to manually configure variables each time.
* **Test Execution:** Use `X-Profile-Name` header to execute with a selected profile.
* **Scoped Availability:** Currently applicable only to workflows triggered by the **RestService Trigger**.
